---
layout: post
description: An overview of the hardware and software I use every day.
categories:
- blog
---
<img src="http://i.imgur.com/gU6LUeB.jpg">

# The Setup

#### Posted on the 2nd of July, 2013

There’s a gear-nerd site online called [The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) that
interviews notable developers, designers, artists and engineers, with a focus
on what equipment they use to Get Stuff Done. I’d like to join the fun too, so
here’s some information about my setup. 

## What hardware do you use?

I use a 13" 2.9GHz i7 MacBook Pro with 8GB of memory. At work I use a 27"
Thunderbolt Display, and at home I use a 23" Cinematic Display. I sit on a
Herman Miller Aeron chair, and listen to music through a set of Bose desktop
speakers, or a Bose MIE2i headset. Keyboard is standard Apple full-sized,
though I plan to change that, and my mouse is some cheap Microsoft laser
because I never liked Apple mice. I use an iPhone 4S, though it could just as
well be a 4 or 5. I don’t see any difference between the models.

## And what software?

I use OS X exclusively, though I’ve modified it fairly heavily to the point
where Steve Jobs wouldn’t have approved. I find most GUI chrome distracting, so
I use [Obsidian Menubar](http://www.maxrudberg.com/) to give me a flat-black
menu bar and [Bartender](http://www.macbartender.com/) to hide all the icons.
My dock is small, and hidden in the bottom right of the screen.

I’m trying to move most of my workflow to the CLI. I use
[iTerm2](http://www.iterm2.com/#/section/home) instead of Terminal.app and my
default shell is [zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh). I’ve
replaced Coda 2 and PhpStorm 6 with vim and I’m enjoying it more every day. I
automate tasks with [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) and instead of copying files
via FTP to a server with Transmit, I deploy sites from BitBucket with
Mercurial.

I keep all of my to-do lists in [Clear](http://www.realmacsoftware.com/clear/)
for iPhone. For everything else (like gmail), I use Chrome.

## What would be your dream setup?

Not far from what I have already, really. I don’t need a CD drive in my
computer, so I’d love a MacBook Air with loads of memory. My main gripe is that
Apple don’t produce a backlit keyboard for desktops. My terminal is full-screen
and has a dark background, so it doesn’t strain my eyes when I work at night. I
can quite happily work without external light, but I’d really love backlit
keys. That and, pretty much everything should be wireless. Wires suck.
